We introduced here
the auto-inserted object,
the event object as it was described,
that captures all the info
about the user's action.
So that our handle function
can actually work on a list
of elements, sorry,
a list in the JavaScript,
sorry, can work on our DOM
elements where we don't
have named accessor objects for
them in JavaScript.
Instead, they're going to provide
via this auto inserted argument,
this event object, and
as long as we've written our parameter e.
If we didn't put an e there,
we wouldn't be able to then access
this auto-inserted argument.
I guess it would still be parsed with the
function, we'd have a label for it inside.
As it was, we do, and therefore we
can get the target property of it,
which is a link to the element
on which the input happened.
Therefore, we could grab our value Li and
use it to update our data.
And because we described in our
createVDOM array the three elements and
how they depend on underlying state,
and we can make it more flexible.
We can certainly say the div could
be conditional on the underlying
data as well,
as opposed to just the contents here.
But having done that,
when we change our data,
because updateDOM will just run again and
turn that data into a new instance,
a new data specific to this new data Li
version of this JavaScript array and
wipe the previous version.
It seems a bit wasteful,
maybe we could have used that and
made a comparison to it to
see what actually changed.
And then it will map over [SOUND] and
convert each element into DOM elements.
[SOUND] And get array in
JavaScript of accessor objects for
it, such that we can then use those
elems to use those accessor objects,
to have the body in
the DOM have its children,
its sub-elements,
replaced with our new linked elements.
So we wipe the previous ones and
the user just sees the change across their
entire view,
including the bit they were typing.
We're not thinking about that anymore.
We're long past worrying about
the user's content being typed,
that they're typing being
the content they actually see.
No, we're very much just seeing
that as a submission to handle and
then update data from which we then
run through one, data is changed.
Two, recreate the representation of how
that data will look on the entire page.
Any conditions described in the VDOM
as to what will be displayed,
and then produce at,
just that phrase was a bit all over.
Any conditions, any differences for
how that data will be displayed,
will be determined in this
description lines 4 through 6 of what
the relationship between the underlying
data and what gets displayed looks like.
And that then is used in the mapping
where we convert each of those
elements into actual DOM elements that
then are appended and the display updates.
Woo, excellent people.
That's how,
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Okay that's the all of you.
So we now have element flexible code be,
well,
let's just see what the summary says it.
With our new element flexible code, we can
compose our code, adding to our list of
arrays each new element we want
to see in order on our page.
We can add four more.
They'll all show up.
That's kinda cool.
They'll show up on the page
exactly as they place.
If we inserted a new element here, let's
say div, I don't know something else.
And of course, our convert function would
have to come far more versatile to handle
many different types of HTML or,
sorry, HTML, DOM elements.
DOM elements I guess are often
called HTML, DOM elements, but
we could do that with our convert
function becoming more sophisticated.
We get semi visual coding.